flight 370 after 3 days
Central Falls alarms the expanding search for the plane over water and now Land and what we learn about the passengers on board carrying stolen passports
without a trace how is it possible for a jumbo jet to disappear with no sign Force it's all about technology and there are limits
breaking his silence for the first time since that awful day in Newtown Connecticut the father of the gunman speaks out about his son and what he did
how it took a winner this severe to bring these sailors out of hibernation and back to Westport we really get to see that is not for the faint of heart
nightly news begins now
BBC News world headquarters is NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
good evening tonight people the world over are asking the same question how is it possible that a jumbo jet has disappear without a trace
tonight the search has expanded over a large area for a large aircraft a Boeing triple 7 among the safest ever made this one with 239 souls on board
they were false alarms over the weekend of fuel slick on the water would look like an aircraft door but they didn't pan out and now because they have to chase down even the wildest possible theories the search continues on C and on land
incase this aircraft when on flying even though it left no electronic trail behind
tonight the search is being conducted by 10 nations 34 Plains 48 vessels have been deployed in this
we begin our coverage tonight among are correspondence an expert domestically in overseas with NBC's Tom Costello Tom Green
hi Brian the nearest fax with a haven't found any trace of this plane yet is raising a possibility that they have been looking in the wrong place now a day break the search zone is expanding to also include the west coast of Malaysia and the waters of Indonesia
Papa cost of Malaysia search for flight 370 has no interest 46 dozens of ships helicopters and planes in Vietnam
nothing and oil sheen and debris spotted over the weekend ended up being falsely snow ski conditions are expected to worsen on board the USS Blue Ridge commander William marks
that will make certain conditions more challenging about can't I use the car radars are all very advanced in a tax lien the gays allowed at surface clutter
the last reported location for the bowling triple 7 was over the water halfway between Malaysia and Vietnam Malaysia military radar suggesting to play me off store to turn back the search zone is expanded to include Malaysia's mainland and now the water is to the northwest
Amanda questions tonight why would the plane turn back and why did my crew radio air traffic controllers a former senior NTSB investigator says a sudden loss of cabin pressure Griffin capacity of the crew and passengers within seconds will the plane continued flying
you really have to start looking at a trajectory path at a speed an altitude that they were at how far could this airplane go wealth corset had 7 & a half hours of fuel on it but you have to be realistic you have to come up with at least a rate of descent
get the plane went down on land an emergency transmitter beacon should be sent
what is a plane with down in the sea underwater pinger is attached to the black boxes should be sending a homing signal
Duquesne C
Fox pinger of 8 in the water
I want to act if they produce a brief Paul want a second for 30 days at a depth of up to 20000 feet
meanwhile the FBI is hoping to analyze the phone Prince of two individuals were thought would use a stolen European passports to board the plane Embassy justice course bonnet Pete Williams
businessman who used to live in Thailand baht the tickets for the two men that they say he wanted the cheapest fare possible that he did not mention any specific flight meaning of this man was from Iran US official say there is no indication so far this with terrorism again Alicia believe this
plane have 7 hours of fuel or more still on board when it disappear to that greatly expanded the range of where this plane might be able to show p**** reports of a plane crash or debris
Tom Costello covers aviation for a starting a saw from RDC newsroom Tom Hanks as always in for more on this word join tonight by Greg Feith
what we saw and Tom species of Veteran Affairs investigations as a former senior Air Safety Director with the NTSB also happens to be a veteran pilot Greg you're in the business of ruling nothing out
the office were submitted as a Hollywood script projected for being too incredible if we're looking for this overland
doesn't that mean that were kind of theorizing it could have been a situation like a pro golfer Payne Stewart on board that small aircraft they were overcome by something in the air craft when on flying go in this case with no electronic trail
absolutely Bryan you bring up a good point with the fact that if this airplane have an explosive decompression incapacitated the crew
in the airplane was still capable of operating with autopilot airplane to continue on in any one of a number of track and that's why the search area
got to be expanded to include land because it goes into the jungle Bella been to the dentist jungle and not releasing reveille we have a hole
porn on this later in the broadcast R Us frustrated by the limits of Technology in this day in age as we civilians are
absolutely Bryan we had this discussion over the years in the industry now there is new technology that is being incorporated in their planes called
B or automated a dependent surveillance broadcast it is GPS it is updating once every second with a lot of information but it isn't mandated
universally around the world right now
grade 5 TSP thank you very much for being with us again tonight for the families of the missing on flight 370 as you can imagine this has been an awful few days imagine not having a shred of information about a family member on that flight
NBC skier Simmons is at the airport in Kuala Lumpur where flight 370 originated from here
5370 have been waiting for this Apple how many days now but not just here anymore have been waiting in Beijing Vehicross final destination
missing plane
relations online
Chinese woman Asians including 3 from the United States Phillip Buda Texas what for IBM is brothers set on today just recently been hungry for a visit it was
gift that we didn't get to Sam
whole week and we got to spend some quality time eating
you know a dinner or together
meaning Ching lived in Pittsburgh neighbors are heartbroken I've been crying since I got the song called a few stand with boobs on the flight cancelled at the last minute
are considered the absolute providence of God by the grace of God I was not on that plane
Turnbull and prayers are answered
like we plan to join a very search and rescue Akron over the ocean looking for clues Bryant of exactly what happened
Simmons in Kuala Lumpur in again later on the broadcast a special look at the frustrations of Technology here now to watch men are top story here much are the last two weeks the ongoing crisis in Ukraine
there were shots fired at a Ukrainian naval post in Crimea region today report say unidentified man fired into the air before then taking over the face
is the latest confrontation Sons Russian military group seized control of the peninsula
meanwhile today NATO announce table start reconnaissance
flights to the south and west monitor
Ukrainian border with a wax aircraft Ukraine is not a NATO member but Russia's actions have alarm countries that are part of the Alliance and were once part of the Soviet Union
we turn out of Syria where the brutal Civil War is about to enter its fourth year and where the devastating tall is being felt especially hard by the children caught up in the conflict the new reporter says over 4 million children need humanitarian assistance
once more than 1 million have fled the neighboring countries tonight as we kick off a series of reports on the forgotten children in this war in Syria
are chief medical editor Dr Nancy Snyderman is made her way to Lebanon just across the border she's a hospital caring for the youngest of these victims Nancy good evening
good evening decimation to the hospital structure in Syria and that's one more reason why a small 32 best hospital with 27 incubators Wichita Craigslist
mothers are getting a prenatal vitamins
preterm delivery of babies are very vulnerable in the last date of birth defects residency when I was a pediatric healthcare crisis
Texas soon as it was as a global serious going to be right now 18 percent
cross the border are seen at the hospital bulging at the scene where is going to take you find the scenes of the hospital in surrounding refugee camps France
for a first-time luck with amazing access to highlight the Forgotten of this war Syria children Ryan
Dr Nancy Snyderman who was made her way to Lebanon Dr Schneiderman think you are series of reports starts tomorrow morning on today in across all the broadcast on platforms of NBC News
in this country nfen 15 months in Saigon man walked in the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown Connecticut and started shooting in classrooms that were full of 6 & 7 year old before killing himself
tonight for the first time we are getting new insights into Adam Lanza from his father Peter who spoke with journalist an author Andrew Solomon for an article in this week's New Yorker magazine
we got our report tonight from our national correspondent Kate snow
Adam Lanza killed 20 young children 6th Ave in self and its mother
how does Peter Lanza live without
it's incredibly difficult is full of sadness video only wishes he could go back in time and change it on 6
Peter Lanza sought out Andrew Solomon after reading his book far from the tree in which Solomon chapter about the parents of children who commit unsinkable crimes
the feel like he's to blame it until I choose to blame he said even with all the information of simpatico there since then he doesn't see how he could possibly have seen it coming
Solomon interview Peter Lanza over 25 hours the father painting a picture of a little boy who loved hiking calling him just a normal little weird kid
at 13 he was diagnosed with Aspergers Syndrome form of autism is divorced parents work for years to get him help Peter Lanza now thanks for the ass burger diagnosis mast deeper issues
lots of people have aspergers and or autism and don't commit or her with a cat
absolutely in parents fail to realize emperor of the doctor said to realize how much darkness neva was brewing in him because they were distracted by the autism
has Adam groom or withdrawing is father says his ex wife Nancy Lanza wanted everyone to think everything was okay she didn't know she was communicating with only by email is windows covered in black plastic I didn't understand the atom was drifting away Peter Lanza told Solomon
continue to write out of birthday cards the last song his son two years before the Newtown shooting
guns in the house but he wasn't concerned
he describe teaching Adam to drive is a data within as possible following person I ever met is it in Everett hurt me that he would break the rules around the town
Peter Lanza wishes now he push harder to see his son even if it had caused fights it couldn't be worse than what did happen you can't get any more evil Lanza told Solomon adding he wished his son had never been born to sync Adam Hayden
his parents me and I think animated everyone I mean he killed his mother when is fathers did I know that he was shot me in a heartbeat if you have the opportunity
is it the reason that he shot 94 times was one for each others pants for Nancy lens for Ryan wants from me and wants for himself
Peter Lanza has met with to a victim's family that has offered to meet them all he told Andrew he wants it all parents to be afraid of the fact that this could happen to them on a website with posted what he says are lessons Brian for parents
maybe the most disturbing store in recent memory thanks for your reporting tonight still have for us tonight as the search intensifies for this
missing jetliner how it is with 2014 technology that is left without a trace
Rebecca's promise with more on this disappearance of flight 370 and the question that is a merge from the start when we first learn about a Friday night how is it possible a wide body aircraft has disappeared without an electronic paying without a locator beacon without
price of any sort NBC Stephanie Gosk tonight on the limitations of our technology
the West locations of Malaysia Airlines flight 372
who is over the South China Sea after that
John Casey is a former international pilot for American Airlines
the only way in the world where they are going to be able to look at your position is 5 million warrior last position was in which an exposition who is predicted to be
Radar only tracks Plains winair overland and lease within 120 miles of land
take a flight from New York on its way to Chicago radar can pinpoint the plains location at all times how long is 2&a half hour trip 7 different control towers track a flight
pics of from New York to London beyond 120 miles offshore the play music GPS to determine its exact location and then
how to communicate does coordinates to controllers on the ground round the world the gap between communications can be as long as an hour FlightAware provide live tracking for more than 75040 today
does exist to track lanes every second of every flight but it's not easy solution
the ward choir a lot more satellites and less expensive transmission of data on satellite which is it really on the horizon it doesn't seem viable
what happened to Malaysia Airlines flight 370 remains a mystery
does it make sense in 2014
scratching their heads
where it went down is only for the battle is still have to figure out why Stephanie Gosk NBC News New York
take a break your back in a moment with the story of a man who actually got to drive a Ford with the original
Henry Ford
some remembrances tonight's starting with William clay Ford who died over the weekend he was the last surviving grandchild of Henry Ford and once famously steer a car while driving in his famous grandfathers lap it was a el Grande a Navy veteran who married a member of the Firestone family
while he owns the Detroit Lions ever ran the company the Bears his family name is older brother Henry Ford the second instead it was a company Mandela major stockholders served on the board of Ford Motor for 57 years
William clay Ford was 88 years old
Garnier has died the man who served with a man Easy Company of the 2nd battalion 101st airborne in world war 2
new hamburger as Wild Bill Maher exploits were popularized in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers in which he was played by the actor Frank John Hughes rescuing a fellow soldier was awarded the Silver Star 2 bronze stars on the Purple Heart
South Philadelphia native Wild Bill Guarnere was 90 years old
when we come back tonight one upside what's been a brutal winter
most the need for speed on a frozen sheet of ice
finally here tonight it was in the 70's in the Dakotas this weekend only to fall 40 degrees with the next front
and the East Coast go to get at least one more snow storm before this is all over for those in the thick of it in Spanish miserable winter from the Great Lakes
show my chest still frozen over but that in itself is rhere good news for one exotic beautiful and thrilling sport
tonight NBC's Katie Turner reports on the ice boulders who are having a great seas
cold March morning the frozen Hudson River was transformed into a playground
that is when you can get it at all it's been a decade since the ice with a foot 2nd strong enough to hold
big boats on the Hudson nearly a century the rocket sales built in 1888 the rocket was once the fastest thing on the planet body like a crossbow with stupid sales 4310 metal plate
such a marvel Thomas Edison filmed in 1905 what's it like to see it
Pinterest work on the so hard
in the basement a new jerseys North Shrewsbury ice boat and yacht club bump old sled years of meticulous restoration peace in the craft back together
don't have to be just right they have to be perfect for stew need a whole lot of cold then some snow then some rain even more colds
companies in almost human ever happened to be off of stubborn
the band chasing a strong wind in hard freeze on this river for generation
when every every pull off the ropes every right to be your last